filmed in glorious 360p before the days
of YouTube high-definition pocket now
uploaded its first video to our YouTube
channel it was actually a review i did
of the AT&T tilt which at the time was a
pretty awesome phone but by today's
standards is totally archaic 3,000
videos later we like to think that we
really upped our game hey guys its brand
am in a min from pocket now and we just
hit 300,000 subscribers Peppa dance up a
half a half a half a dance so this is a
huge milestone for us back when we
started doing video we had no idea that
we'd be doing it as much as we do today
and I just want to thank the guys that
you see on the pocket now YouTube
channel because video is a lot of work
it takes hours of shooting editing prop
processing cropping uploading it's a ton
of work so thank you in order of height
to Anton Adam Joe Taylor Michael and hi
Mae and most of all thank you for
subscribing commenting thumbs up egg
sharing enjoying participating and of
course thank you for watching so we just
wanted to do a quick video guys once
again thank you so much for subscribing
to our channel we love doing video for
you we've got awesome stuff to come new
show concepts that we're going to be
bringing to you awesome hardware around
the bed it's going to be a great year in
Mobile so once again thank you for
making a dream come true we are now at
300,000 subscribers and we're just
getting started if you like this video
please give us a thumbs up you know I
had to say that and thanks for watching
that's it for now hey it's gonna wear a
combadge right here but I thought you
guys are get mad or I should probably
just do the job but uh I'm supping
where's good sharing commenting how many
more ways can I say enjoying thumbs open
that's probably enough that's probably
enough